Socializing
Specific disease
Specific disease
Pregnancy
Specific disease
Pregnancy
Goal oriented
Specific disease
Specific disease
Specific disease
('train vals', 'i just wanted to know, if you are pumping and you start out pumping every 2-3hours, do you always have to pumped every 2-3hours? so what if the babies sleeps a good 5hours can you wait to pump or do you still have to get up and pump???i  m so lost right now, i do plan on bfing here and there, but mainly i  m going to be pumping as i am going back to work shortly after. and i just don  t know the rules, as i don  t want my milk to stop coming in, if that makes any sense to you??', 7)
('test vals', "i've been breastfeeding for 6 months and i bled for about 3 days between my 4th and 5th month, then i spotted at the begining of my 6th month. should i be worried?", 7)
('train vals', "hi, i will most likely be undergoing an open-nose rhinoplasty requiring general anesthesia in the near future. i am curious as to whether or not my drinking habits will affect the procedure (mainly the anethesia part). for the past        2-3 years i have been getting drunk about 2-3 nights a week. drunk meaning around 9-12 drinks consumed within 3 hours and i weigh around 165lbs. i'm currently 21 years old(male),    and besides the drinking, i eat healthy and lift weights at a gym about 3-4x a week.my question is whether or not this drinking has damaged my liver enough to require more or less anethesia and whether or not i should let my doctor know prior to the surgery.i also plan on avoiding alcohol for about 2 weeks before the surgery.", 2)
('test vals', "my son's lower jaw has been slightly misaligned (downwards and to the right) since birth, as evidenced by the attached photo.    he is currently receiving orthodontic treatment and is concerned with his asymmetrical appearance.    will the orthodontist be able to correct his jaw alignment with elastics or other technology or will he need special treatment?    is it even possible to fix?thanks for your help,", 8)
('train vals', 'does anyone deal with fibroids and have an awefully painful period including heavy flow and large blood clots?    i have it for like usually 12 days straight... with the first 2 days spotting then like 7 days heavy, heavy, heavy and then like 3 days of light to spotting ... and with painful cramping the whole times.. i had the endometrial ablation done and it was 6 weeks of hell and then i still had no improvement.    i was supposed to go to the next yrly exam but the doc could not make it so they cancelled on me... ( i really did not like him much anyhow bc he almost dropped me onto the floor and he complained that bc i went to grab for his hand for help he yelled at me for almost maybe i might have possibly broke is hand...-- like me falling onto the floor did not matter-- thank god i did not fall-- oy!) i was just wondering if others dealt with this... thanks    chloebelle1010', 2)
('test vals', 'hi there, i am trying to detox from codeine ( neurofen plus, 200mg ibruprofen & 12.8 mg codeine) untill now i have been failing miserably, taking anything up to 96 per day.what i have started doing instead of taking them throughout the day (12 at a time) i am waiting 24 hours between doses.saturday i took 12 at 13:00 and didnt take any more untill 09:30 this morning.am i going about this the wrong way? am i just extending the length of time it will take to detox and thereby prolonging the w/ds?any advice will be appreciated.collagekhopefull third detox lucky', 1)
('train vals', 'a pain that starts deep in the throat and causes a burning sensation in the arms and up chest arear', 5)
('test vals', "last year i lost my closest friend to a drug overdose on my birthday.i no its a long time but im only just coming to terms with her death now as im in recovery for drug addiction.im finding it very hard without her, i had know her my whole life and saw her almost everyday, and now its just hit me that i wont see her walking down the street or at another birthday.i wake up feeling really sad and depressed. it took me a long time to get it through my head that it wasn't my fault, and most days thinking its not fair that her life was taken because she had her future planned and she was happy and it doesnt make any sense.does anyone have anything to suggest that will help me through grieving, i have never really lost anyone close to me before.", 5)
('train vals', 'i have had 3 miscarriages and iam pregnant again    usally all other times i was pregnant i never made it over a week so my last period was due oct 1 so september 30 i took digital pregnancy test and got a pregnant and the 31 i got blood test done it came back hcg 21 then 3 days    later had more blood work due came back hcg 49 now 6 days later all it is hcg 94 and my progestrone was low and started taking two progestrone pill a day i go back to doctor in 5 days has anybody else had a story like this and still had healthy baby i think in going crazy', 9)
('test vals', 'hi, my girlfriend has consistantly been performing oral sex on me for the past week...only yesterday i noticed she had a cold sore...i dont know when it appeard...but im sure it was there atleast once while she was performing oral sex on me...ive had oral hsv1 since i was a kid and im sure its also wat she has as i gave it to her earlier this year... what are the chances that i may get infected in my genital area statistically... and how much should i worry?thank you very much!', 1)
('train vals', 'i had a tummy tuck on 12th september which resulted in an infection and admitted to an nhs hospital.. i was re-opened and at the moment am receiving daily packing for an open woundat specific times of the day my stomache is brick hard and swollen.i think i also have a couple of stitches inside which are trying to get outis this part of the recovery.please help', 2)
('test vals', 'hi i took the mediction(medication)synthroid 175 at 8am this moring and by mistake i took one now what do i do', 2)
('train vals', "for the past 2 years my total cholestrol has been up over 200.    i have tried every statin and cannot take them due to    muscle issues.    my last check put    my total choletrol at 251, trycyl at 68, hdl at 76 and ldl at 161.    my doctor wants me on another type of drug.    i have been taking dr. sinatra's omega plus for the past 4 months and noticed no change in my ldl, but an increase in my hdl.    from what i am reading my ratios look great.    but this doctor is emphatic about wanting to put me on something as she feels i will have a heart attack if i don't.    i am 62 year old female.    what are your comments?    is this really that bad?    i still exercise (treadmill, eliptic and weights) and pilates daily.", 2)
('test vals', "hey everyone, i just wanted to let y'all know that i found a great clinic in austin offering hcg injections. as far as i know, it's the only one in town. austinwellnessclinc.com 512-473-8900", 8)
('train vals', "i have been on morphine tablets for 5 years, and am now being forced to come off of them.    i was taking both controlled release and quick release tablets.    i have had multiple surgeries in my neck and brain that cause uncontrollable and excruciating pain.    the pain specialist who perscribed me the morphine, shut down unexpectedly a few months ago.    i was able to get a month perscription from my family doctor but he was a complete jerk and dosen't understand chronic pain and how to control it.    i didn't want to have him as my family doctor anymore, so i started seeing a new general physician a few weeks ago.    in the mean time, i was stuck with no doctor to oversee my pain management, and no doctor that was willing to take me on as a new patient.    ive been told that because i was on such high doses, no doctor would want to deal with me.    i called my previous pain doctor at his home, and he told me that i should start stepping down off of the morphine so that i wouldn't have to come off of over 1000 milligrams of morphine a day down to nothing all at once.    so for the last two months, i stepped myself down from over 1000 mgs to right now i'm taking about 60 mgs a day.    all i have left are the quick release tablets in 30 mg form, so i usually take one in the morning and one at night.    i am experiencing pain so severe in my back, neck, and legs that i had to go to the emergency room about a week and a half ago.    the doc in the er said that there was really nothing that he could do for me, so he gave me some more of the 30 mg morphine tabs to take and sent me home.    i only have 3 of those left.    every time i try to stop them completely, i cannot sleep because the pain is so severe.    i was up for 41 hours because of the pain until i finally broke down and took one of the morphine pills, a clonopan, and a sleeping pill.    i was able to fall asleep for about 4 hours and then i woke right back up because of the pain.    i took more medicine and fell back asleep, and then woke up today.    i only have 3 pills left and i am really scared.    i know that i am about to be totally without my medicine, so i have tried my best to go without taking the pills that i have left, but everytime i get to about 10-12 hours without taking the morphine, the pain is so excruciating i want to go to the hospital.    i would have gone to the er again yesterday, but they werent able to do anything for me when i went 10 days ago, so i figure that they won't do anything for me now.    i have never experienced coming off of pain meds before so i have no idea what to expect.    i am having excruciating pain, and i am not sure how much of it is from my pre-exisiting back pain, and how much is from withdrawals.    i need someone who has gone through this to give me some advice.    i need to know if the things that i am feeling are normal symptoms, i need to know how long to expect this to last, and i need to know if there is anything that i can tell my family doctor or ask my family doctor to do to help me get off of this medicine.    i really don't want to be in the pain that i was constantly in before i got on the morphine; the morphine really helped me be able to get off the couch and do some of the things that i wanted to do for the last 5 years.    morphine was a god send to me.    it didn't totally take away my pain, but it kept it from being so bad that i couldn't do anything.    now i am back to not being able to do anything and i hate it.    i hate being in limbo like this, and since right now, i don't have a doctor that is willing to manage my pain with morphine, i have to come off of it.    somebody please help!", 1)
('test vals', 'i m/c in november at 7 1/2 weeks after trying for many months.    my husband and i have now been trying ever since then and nothing has worked. it doesnt help that we were in hawaii when i got pregnant the first time.    so i am begining to think we need to re-trace our steps and do everything the same.    however i dont know if we can get the same earthquake that happened during that time. lol.    i am just so frustrated.    everytime i ovulate i just get so sad because i know i am going to be dissapointed in two weeks.    how can i change my outlook, how can i have faith that it will happen to me again someday, and if it does how can i not be scared that i wont m/c again.    i just dont know how it is ever going to work!    sorry for the rant, i just need to vent.', 7)
('train vals', "i am a 45 year old, 5', 120 pound, female who just had a multiphasic blood panel done.    my alk phos is 171, ast/sgot is 156, alt/sgpt is 357, and my ggt is 215.    these numbers are high according to the reference range.     i do not smoke or take any alcohol, and never have.    i am not diabetic (glucose level is 76).    the only medication i take on a regular basis is effexor xr.    i am otherwise healthy.    should i be concerned?", 1)
('test vals', 'i am 26 male i can do sex 5-6 times in 7-8 hrs but i ejacut in 5-10 min .my friend is saying her husband takes 30-60 min for one time. how can i increase my time', 5)
('train vals', 'i recently had cbc and only the abnormal results were as followsred cell count = 4.45 (normal range 4.50 - 6.50)mean cell haemoglobin = 33.6 (normal range 26.0 - 32.0)would this indicate that i am anaemic or are these results insignificant?many thanks', 2)
('test vals', 'my son just turned 4 at the end of august. he has been having behavioral issues at school and home. he will not listen most of the time. time out does not phase him. we try the timer and also taking away things he enjoys. he is working on potty training but usually will not go unless we tell him to potty every 2 hours. he was doing really well at this till the past month. the daycare says he shoves others, hits, screams, and tears things off the walls. we really try to give him lots of postive attention as well especially when he is good or does something good. he acts as if he does not comprehend when we ask him to tell us when he has to potty or that it is not nice to hit, scream, etc... he gets so mad he clinches his fists and shakes all over and his face turns beet red. we have an appointment with a child psychologist at the end of october(first one we could get). i am afraid i am going to end up in the pscyh unit if something does not change soon.    any help or suggestions are more than welcomed!!!', 4)
extracting features from the training data using sparse vectorizer
n_samples: 3276, n_features: 30538
()
Extracting features from the test data using the same vectorizer
n_samples: 6550, n_features: 30538
()
30538
[u'krembs', u'5mgs', u'gyn', u'oj.', u'1.6', u'1kg', u'tuesday', u'shying', u'moaning', u'2011.', u'sid=8325523', u'chewing', u'perhaps.what', u'spermicidal', u'clenching', u'colour', u'12.29/l', u'discharge.iv', u'insect', u'pcm', u'hoarse.', u'calm', u'integration', u'coaster.', u'ir', u'hehe', u'braxton', u'site', u'chjew', u'neuro-stimulator', u'cellcept', u'tour', u'treated.', u'crouched', u'cloud', u'8..', u'follitism', u'worked', u'december', u'bart', u'excerices', u'pupils.', u'info', u'retainer', u'160-5.75', u'this.there', u'donor', u'wowie', u'matt', u'efficient', u'iii', u'deficient.the', u'completing', u'weds.', u'toxicity', u'crystalens', u'detached.', u'infallible', u'or/', u'centimers', u'2.8cm.', u'to3', u'you.joyg', u'5mo', u"i.e.-woh's-who", u'on.', u'control.', u'galen', u'widens', u'blind.', u'abdominal', u'vice', u'operated.', u'rubed', u'learn', u'conclusive.', u'bloodtests', u'guidence', u'long.is', u'anti-depressants.']
('this many features found: ', 10000)
('Training ', RidgeClassifier(alpha=1.0, class_weight=None, copy_X=True, fit_intercept=True,
        max_iter=None, normalize=False, solver='lsqr', tol=0.001))
train done
test done
accuracy:   0.641
